Creating a Component Using Existing Components (#469)
vaadin/flow-and-components-documentation: documentation/creating-components/tutorial-component-composite.asciidoc

}
----

* The `Composite` automatically creates the root component (specified using generics (`Composite<Div>`)).

> * The composite is available through the `getContent()` method. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The root component is available through the `getContent()` method. 
```
The composite is not just the root content, it is the class wrapping all the building block to create the new more complex component. In this case the root is the div element wrapping Label and Input
